README.md, before:

# About
Phabrico is a local webserver which acts as an offline editor for [Phabricator's](https://www.phacility.com/phabricator/) Maniphest tasks and Phriction documents.
A partial copy of Phabricator's database will be stored in a local [sqlite](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html) file.
This way you can always access your Maniphest tasks and Phriction documents.

You can also edit your offline copies and synchronize them later to Phabricator.

# License
The source code in this repo is licensed under the Apache v2.

# Running
Phabrico runs under Windows. An MSI setup file is available for download and will install a background service which acts as a HTTP webserver.

To see Phabrico in action, just browse to http://localhost:13467  (TCP port can be customized in MSI setup).

When you browse to Phabrico for the first time, you will be asked to enter a username, a password, Phabricator's web address and your Conduit API token.

The username and password don't need to be the same as the ones used for Phabricator: these credentials will only be used for Phabrico.

The Conduit API token can be found in Phabricator under *Settings* (under your personal icon at the top of the screen) -> *Sessions and logs* -> *Conduit API tokens* -> *Token*

# Supported Browsers
Chrome 89+, Firefox 87+, Opera 74+ and Edge 89+.

# Plugins
Some extra functionality can be added to Phabrico:

## DiagramsNet
integrates the [Diagrams.net (formerly known as draw.io)](https://www.diagrams.net/) functionality.
It allows you to create and modify diagrams. The diagrams are saved as PNG images in Phabricator and can still be modified after being downloaded from Phabricator.

## Gitanos
is a management system for local git repositories.
It visualizes the state of all available local git repositories.

## PhrictionToPDF
allows you to convert a Phriction document (or including all the documents under this Phriction document) into a single PDF file.

## PhrictionTranslator
creates an offline translation copy of a Phriction document (or including all documents under this Phriction document).
Translation is performed by DeepL Free. To use this plugin, you need to sign up for an API key: https://www.deepl.com/pro-api

## PhrictionValidator
verifies if all links to documents or files in a Phriction document (or including all documents under this Phriction document) are valid.

# User manual
See https://phabrico.github.io/Phabrico/

Commit message:

- JSPaint plugin added - Phriction: show hierarchy 1 level deeper if no document content - Phame: diagrams cannot be editable - Session auto-closing issue fixed - Fix upload validation for existing page with long url - Fix crash while sync'ing in Synchronization overview - Fix impersonation functionality (i.e. GetGitAuthor issue in Gitanos)

README.md, after:

# About
Phabrico is a local webserver which acts as an offline editor for [Phabricator's](https://www.phacility.com/phabricator/) Maniphest tasks and Phriction documents.
A partial copy of Phabricator's database will be stored in a local [sqlite](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html) file.
This way you can always access your Maniphest tasks and Phriction documents.

You can also edit your offline copies and synchronize them later to Phabricator.

# License
The source code in this repo is licensed under the Apache v2.

# Running
Phabrico runs under Windows. An MSI setup file is available for download and will install a background service which acts as a HTTP webserver.

To see Phabrico in action, just browse to http://localhost:13467  (TCP port can be customized in MSI setup).

When you browse to Phabrico for the first time, you will be asked to enter a username, a password, Phabricator's web address and your Conduit API token.

The username and password don't need to be the same as the ones used for Phabricator: these credentials will only be used for Phabrico.

The Conduit API token can be found in Phabricator under *Settings* (under your personal icon at the top of the screen) -> *Sessions and logs* -> *Conduit API tokens* -> *Token*

# Supported Browsers
Chrome 89+, Firefox 87+, Opera 74+ and Edge 89+.

# Plugins
Some extra functionality can be added to Phabrico:

## DiagramsNet
integrates the [Diagrams.net (formerly known as draw.io)](https://www.diagrams.net/) functionality.
It allows you to create and modify diagrams. The diagrams are saved as PNG images in Phabricator and can still be modified after being downloaded from Phabricator.

## Gitanos
is a management system for local git repositories.
It visualizes the state of all available local git repositories.

## JSPaint Image Editor
integrates the [JSPaint](https://jspaint.app/) functionality.
It allows you to modify images.

## PhrictionToPDF
allows you to convert a Phriction document (or including all the documents under this Phriction document) into a single PDF file.

## PhrictionTranslator
creates an offline translation copy of a Phriction document (or including all documents under this Phriction document).
Translation is performed by DeepL Free. To use this plugin, you need to sign up for an API key: https://www.deepl.com/pro-api

## PhrictionValidator
verifies if all links to documents or files in a Phriction document (or including all documents under this Phriction document) are valid.

# User manual
See https://phabrico.github.io/Phabrico/
