docs/10-Diagrams/README.md, before:

# Diagrams

Diagrams is an embedded integration of Diagrams.net (formerly known as Draw.io) and allows you to draw diagrams of all kind.

![image-20210412181119372](Diagrams-01.png) <br />

When you click on the Save button(1) in the top right corner, the diagram will be saved as a PNG file.
This PNG file contains some metadata which allows you to edit diagram afterwards again.
If you upload the file to Phabricator, Phabricator will still see the file as an ordinary PNG file.

The name of the diagram can be found at the top left (1).
The name is formatted as "F" + a number (e.g.  F-3).
If this number is a negative number, then the diagram was edited or created in Phabrico.
If it is a positive number, then the diagram has not been edited yet in Phabrico.

If you edit a diagram that was previously uploaded to Phabricator (and thus has a positive number in its name), and you save it, the diagram will be reloaded. The diagram will now have a negative number in its name.

The user manuals for Diagrams.net can be found at <https://www.diagrams.net/doc/>

[Previous Page](../09-FileObjects/README.md) |  [Next page](../11-Gitanos/README.md)

Commit message:

- docs updated - Remarkup editor: Bold/Italic switch by means of CTRL-B and CTRL-I - Gitanos: check for large files before executing diff

docs/10-Diagrams/README.md, after:

# Diagrams

Diagrams is an embedded integration of Diagrams.net (formerly known as Draw.io) and allows you to draw diagrams of all kind.

![image-20210412181119372](Diagrams-01.png) <br />

When you click on the Save button(1) in the top right corner, the diagram will be saved as a PNG file.
This PNG file contains some metadata which allows you to edit diagram afterwards again.
If you upload the file to Phabricator, Phabricator will still see the file as an ordinary PNG file.

The name of the diagram can be found at the top left (1).
The name is formatted as "F" + a number (e.g.  F-3).
If this number is a negative number, then the diagram was edited or created in Phabrico.
If it is a positive number, then the diagram has not been edited yet in Phabrico.

If you edit a diagram that was previously uploaded to Phabricator (and thus has a positive number in its name), and you save it, the diagram will be reloaded. The diagram will now have a negative number in its name.

When you hover over a diagram in a Maniphest task or a Phriction wiki page, you may see a diagram icon appear in the top right corner of the diagram.<br />
For example:<br />
![Diagrams 02](Diagrams-02.png)

If you click on it, the Diagram editor will be opened.

The user manuals for Diagrams.net can be found at <https://www.diagrams.net/doc/>

[Previous Page](../09-FileObjects/README.md) |  [Next page](../11-Gitanos/README.md)
