docs/02-Configuration/README.md, before:

# Configuring Phabrico

 The *Config* screen contains a number of settings in which you can configure the look and feel of Phabrico<br />
![image-20210411112557512](configuration-06.png) <br />



## General settings

| Parameter                      | Description                                                  |
| ------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Auto log on                    | If set to *Yes*, you won't need to log in with a username and password.<br />However, you won't be able to open this *Config* screen and you won't be able to synchronize with Phabricator.<br />You still need to log in with your username and password.<br />By logging off, you can log in with a user name and password:<br />![image-20210411113417942](configuration-07.png) |
| Maximum Duration of inactivity | Phabrico disconnects the browser after a period of inactivity.<br />You can configure the time span in here. |
| Theme                          | You can choose a light theme or a dark theme.<br />If you choose a dark theme, you get also the option to darken bright images:<br />![image-20210411113755859](configuration-08.png) <br />- *Disabled* keep the bright images as they are<br />- *Moderate* puts some kind of a dark shade over the images. White background will look gray.<br />- *Extreme* tries to invert the bright images but keeps the colors. White will be black, but green for example remains (lighter) green |



## Maniphest settings

| Parameter                               | Description                                                  |
| --------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Synchronize Maniphest tasks for         | Maniphest tasks to be downloaded from Phabricator can be filtered per selected users or per selected projects.<br />The user selection can be done in the *Users* screen.<br />The project selection can be done in the *Projects* screen |
| Mark new/modified Maniphest tasks as    | When a new Maniphest task is created or an existing Maniphest task is modified, the task can be set into a *Frozen* or an *Unfrozen* state.<br />*Frozen* means that the modified or created task will not be uploaded to Phabricator when Phabrico is being synchronized with Phabricator.<br />*Unfrozen* is the opposite: modified or created tasks will be uploaded. |
| Maximum lifetime closed Maniphest tasks | After a task is marked closed in Phabricator, the task may still be known in Phabrico.<br />With this parameter you can specify when closed tasks should be removed from Phabrico's local database |



## Phriction settings

| Parameter                                | Description                                                  |
| ---------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Synchronize Phriction documents for      | Phriction documents to be downloaded from Phabricator can be filtered per selected users or per selected projects.<br />The user selection can be done in the *Users* screen.<br />The project selection can be done in the *Projects* screen |
| Mark new/modified Phriction documents as | When a new Phriction document is created or an existing Phriction document is modified, the document can be set into a *Frozen* or an *Unfrozen* state.<br />*Frozen* means that the modified or created document will not be uploaded to Phabricator when Phabrico is being synchronized with Phabricator.<br />*Unfrozen* is the opposite: modified or created documents will be uploaded. |
| Show Phriction metadata                  | If set to true, metadata like referenced project tags, subscribers, timestamp last modification will be visible in the action pane on the right when opening a Phriction document.<br />See also setting "*Force download all Phriction metadata*" |
| Force download all Phriction metadata    | At the moment, Phabrico is not able to detect a newly added project tag or a subscriber to a Phriction document (without changing the document's content).<br />To overcome this the incremental download of Phriction documents can be disabled by setting this parameter to *Yes*.<br />This will slow down the synchronization process between Phabricator and Phabrico |



## Gitanos (plugin) settings

| Parameter              | Description                                                  |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Local root directories | A local root directory is a directory which contains local git repositories.<br />The git repositories should be a direct subdirectory of this root directory.<br />If for example a git repository is stored in a subdirectory of a subdirectory, the git repository will not be monitored. |
| Notification           | Gitanos may show a notification in Phabrico's navigation menu:<br />![image-20210411122535171](configuration-09.png) <br />This number is the summation of all git states over all repositories in all local root directories.<br />The states that are summarized are the ones that are configured in this parameter. |



## UI Controls settings

| Parameter                           | Description                                                  |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Add Copy button                     | If set to *Yes*, a *Copy* button will be displayed in the top right corner when the mouse is hovered over a code block.<br />For example: ![image-20210411124251835](configuration-10.png) |
| Translate notification block titles | If set to Yes, the NOTE, IMPORTANT and WARNING texts are translated according to the user's configured language:<br />![image-20210411130721519](configuration-11.png) |
| Confidential Table Headers          | Here you can enter table headers whose values should initially not be visible.<br />Their values will be visible for 3 seconds when you hover over their values:<br />![image-20210411134619442](configuration-12.png) |

[Index](../README.md) | [Previous Page](../01-Installation/README.md) |  [Next page](../03-Projects/README.md)

Commit message:

- Phriction: fixed issue creating document by means of a hyperlink - Remarkup: fixed issue with monospaced font - PhrictionToPDF: configuration added for footer and header - Diagrams.Net updated to 14.7.6 - Unittests + docs updated

docs/02-Configuration/README.md, after:

# Configuring Phabrico

 The *Config* screen contains a number of settings in which you can configure the look and feel of Phabrico<br />
![image-20210411112557512](configuration-06.png) <br />



## General settings

| Parameter                      | Description                                                  |
| ------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Auto log on                    | If set to *Yes*, you won't need to log in with a username and password.<br />However, you won't be able to open this *Config* screen and you won't be able to synchronize with Phabricator.<br />You still need to log in with your username and password.<br />By logging off, you can log in with a user name and password:<br />![image-20210411113417942](configuration-07.png) |
| Maximum Duration of inactivity | Phabrico disconnects the browser after a period of inactivity.<br />You can configure the time span in here. |
| Theme                          | You can choose a light theme or a dark theme.<br />If you choose a dark theme, you get also the option to darken bright images:<br />![image-20210411113755859](configuration-08.png) <br />- *Disabled* keep the bright images as they are<br />- *Moderate* puts some kind of a dark shade over the images. White background will look gray.<br />- *Extreme* tries to invert the bright images but keeps the colors. White will be black, but green for example remains (lighter) green |



## Maniphest settings

| Parameter                               | Description                                                  |
| --------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Synchronize Maniphest tasks for         | Maniphest tasks to be downloaded from Phabricator can be filtered per selected users or per selected projects.<br />The user selection can be done in the *Users* screen.<br />The project selection can be done in the *Projects* screen |
| Mark new/modified Maniphest tasks as    | When a new Maniphest task is created or an existing Maniphest task is modified, the task can be set into a *Frozen* or an *Unfrozen* state.<br />*Frozen* means that the modified or created task will not be uploaded to Phabricator when Phabrico is being synchronized with Phabricator.<br />*Unfrozen* is the opposite: modified or created tasks will be uploaded. |
| Maximum lifetime closed Maniphest tasks | After a task is marked closed in Phabricator, the task may still be known in Phabrico.<br />With this parameter you can specify when closed tasks should be removed from Phabrico's local database |



## Phriction settings

| Parameter                                | Description                                                  |
| ---------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Synchronize Phriction documents for      | Phriction documents to be downloaded from Phabricator can be filtered per selected users or per selected projects.<br />The user selection can be done in the *Users* screen.<br />The project selection can be done in the *Projects* screen |
| Mark new/modified Phriction documents as | When a new Phriction document is created or an existing Phriction document is modified, the document can be set into a *Frozen* or an *Unfrozen* state.<br />*Frozen* means that the modified or created document will not be uploaded to Phabricator when Phabrico is being synchronized with Phabricator.<br />*Unfrozen* is the opposite: modified or created documents will be uploaded. |
| Show Phriction metadata                  | If set to true, metadata like referenced project tags, subscribers, timestamp last modification will be visible in the action pane on the right when opening a Phriction document.<br />See also setting "*Force download all Phriction metadata*" |
| Force download all Phriction metadata    | At the moment, Phabrico is not able to detect a newly added project tag or a subscriber to a Phriction document (without changing the document's content).<br />To overcome this the incremental download of Phriction documents can be disabled by setting this parameter to *Yes*.<br />This will slow down the synchronization process between Phabricator and Phabrico |



## Gitanos (plugin) settings

| Parameter              | Description                                                  |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Local root directories | A local root directory is a directory which contains local git repositories.<br />The git repositories should be a direct subdirectory of this root directory.<br />If for example a git repository is stored in a subdirectory of a subdirectory, the git repository will not be monitored. |
| Notification           | Gitanos may show a notification in Phabrico's navigation menu:<br />![image-20210411122535171](configuration-09.png) <br />This number is the summation of all git states over all repositories in all local root directories.<br />The states that are summarized are the ones that are configured in this parameter. |



## Export to PDF (plugin) settings

A header and a footer can be configured for the Export to PDF functionality in Phriction.<br />
Both can be confgired in 3 resizable columns: a left area, a center area and a right area.<br />
![image-20210606122535172](configuration-13.png) <br />
A font can be configured per footer and header.<br />
By right-clicking on a footer or header area, you can add some generated parameters:<br />
| Parameter                      | Description                                                  |
| ------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Current page                   | Shows the current page number |
| Number of pages                | Shows the total number of pages in the generated PDF file |
| Image                          | Imports a local image |
| Title                          | Shows the title of the document to be exported |
| Last modification date         | Shows the last modification of the document to be exported |
| Prompt field                   | Prompts just before the export action a messagebox in which you can enter a custom value.<br />For example:<br />![image-20210606122535173](configuration-14.png) |
| Align left                     | Aligns the text in the footer / header area to the left |
| Center text                    | Centers the text in the footer / header area |
| Align right                    | Aligns the text in the footer / header area to the right |



## UI Controls settings

| Parameter                           | Description                                                  |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Add Copy button                     | If set to *Yes*, a *Copy* button will be displayed in the top right corner when the mouse is hovered over a code block.<br />For example: ![image-20210411124251835](configuration-10.png) |
| Translate notification block titles | If set to Yes, the NOTE, IMPORTANT and WARNING texts are translated according to the user's configured language:<br />![image-20210411130721519](configuration-11.png) |
| Confidential Table Headers          | Here you can enter table headers whose values should initially not be visible.<br />Their values will be visible for 3 seconds when you hover over their values:<br />![image-20210411134619442](configuration-12.png) |

[Index](../README.md) | [Previous Page](../01-Installation/README.md) |  [Next page](../03-Projects/README.md)
